We just saw how missing values and working with
categorical variables introduced some complications
for fitting machine learning models with scikit-learn.
Let's see how we might find a solution.
There isn't just one way to work with these missing values and categorical variables.
There are actually lots of ways.
So, scikit-learn doesn't want to just choose one way
for you because it might not be the best for the data that you're working with.
Here are three strategies for working with missing data.
First, we could remove or drop the rows or columns.
Second, we might choose to impute values.
Third, we can work around that.
Let's take a closer look at the first of these three, removing data.